You vowed to make your words unclear, but I am a tiger. I am the moon in your plans.  
and I took time away. I took the time away from you. bonfires at the city’s edge,
to make what leaves go away, closer. to make me away from you, apart from you, so
distant that I collided 
into a brightness. It’s an unfinished thing. Where faces change into new faces,
—your widow’s peak 
transforms into a hatch
-ing egg, 
a life without yet DNA—
but, by force of your
brow, blay—alrea
-dy in bon
-fire. 
And if you were not a person but a feeling I would still want to walk past you. Walk
around you, not look ahead. Not watch the barometer turn into crystal’s errancy — errancy’s light, light’s feeling.
I was rushing towards you.
Molecule times molecule. Yes times yes. The King of Shanghai is watching over
from the excavator before the net bar, where crumbs fall to birds’ throats,
sketches of geese 
and black tea.
how did you too know
your precise location,—
diaries of simone 
    weil and yehu
-da     amichai.—
now i have barns, 
what does it mean 
blessings
yet buried
by the beach,
emptied we will be, of
the next evening. The best part of us. Heartfins, you move through
unlined water. Any boat on the dock, if you touch it it will disappear, leave
a crescent on your skin that is not a memory but the tail end of an unfinishing, an (    ) . The twenty years of sorrow sliding past. And your hands become thicker, blind stones ascending the season of storm.
Would something strange and beautiful happen, if my arm touches yours, 
would the ceiling fall right beside us, would we survive, would we breathe again, 
sweeping confettis over the open tile, would the overnight colors claim new names—
yes, overnight,
colors would claim you.
yes, the beer
    bottle and tomato
    resting on your
wide,
    clay leg
you will destroy with my daisy tree, 
a tank,—
this is all what i mean 
when our arms touch. pale yellow, 
olive green like ko
-ga, shtetl snow.
    —the ceiling will not fall 
but we will still 
read celan,     celan us.
[The camera turns on, the aquarium turns into a screen, the recording begins. Don’t look at me! You’re not supposed to look at me!]
Your body is cool like a jellyfish. Like glitter. Like glitter. Your body is the floor
below everything. Four bright lights, then three, then not enough. Then even that
becomes enough. Snow is heartbeat, deepfallow, you, she.
At dawn, you cover seaweed over your skin. Barges floating
like rootless trees. I see more birds coming back. Each with a lily in its beak.
A new language 
is created each moment when words gush from your lips,
each moment,
a new flower breaks free.
